The Honda Civic Sedan has been one of my favourite cars since my childhood. In India, when I see that car around me, I always think to buy it when I start earning. I am glad to know that it was Canada's best-selling car for 24 years. But in 2022, this car will lose its title for best seller. In the same year, Honda launched a sports model of its Civic sedan. The Pricing for this car starts at $32,714.

The new Honda Civic Sport trim is one step up from the LX trim, with all the standard features of a Civic sedan and additional athletic features. The sport trim has aluminium sport pedals that feel amazing on your feet and a 6-speed manual transmission, so drivers can change gear manually. 

The audio system of this car is better than other trims, having a 12-speaker BOSE R premium sound system including a subwoofer, which means you will always have a perfect soundtrack with Apple CarPlay or Android Auto connectivity.

If we talk about the interior, the car is sporty inside. It has red accents, which complement the black and red sport seats perfectly. Red contrast stitching on the steering wheel, doors, and shifter makes us feel like we are driving a carefully designed sports car. The car is very special and heated in all the right places. The car ride is comfortable for rear passengers as well.

This civic sport is available in five colors.
	•  Crystal Black Pearl
	• Platinum White Pearl
	• Sonic Grey Pearl
	• Rallye Red
	• Aegean Blue Metallic

The choice of color is subjective but Rallye Red and Crystal Black Pearl are popular for this sport trim.

The car has many safety features and designed for keeping you safe. The manufacturer Honda has used its own sensing technologies and additional safety features. Traffic sign recognition displays traffic sign information to assist driver while driving and the camera is designed to recognize traffic signs. Lane Keeping Assistant System (LKAS) gently correct your steering if you begin to leave a detected lane without signaling. Forward Collision Warning (FCW) is designed to detect the presence of vehicles in front of you and issue a audible,visual and tactlie alerts if you are approaching with too much speed.
The Collision Mitigation Braking System™ (CMBS®) is engineered to apply light brake pressure if you don't respond to FCW system alerts.

The car has also received an award of 2023 IIHS (The insurance institute for Highway Safety) Top Safety Pick.

The car is absolutely one of the most fuel efficient .It manages an impressive 37 mpg in mixed driving conditions which is far better than its competitors. Golf GTI (27 MPG) or Hyundai Elantra N (24 MPG).

Overall, when you are planning to buy a car for every day life, this car is a budget friendly, comfortable and smart. 

Here is one  expert review , I would like to show you.
https://cars.usnews.com/cars-trucks/honda/civic

Safety Video url 
https://www.iihs.org/ratings/vehicle/honda/civic-4-door-sedan/2024
Youtube : https://youtu.be/GDfVa8Qchoc